Pythagoras's Quotes
------------------

As long as Man continues to be the ruthless destroyer of lower living beings, he will never know health or peace. For as long as men massacre animals, they will kill each other. Indeed, he who sows the seed of murder and pain cannot reap joy and love.
Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence.
If there be light, then there is darkness; if cold, heat; if height, depth; if solid, fluid; if hard, soft; if rough, smooth; if calm, tempest; if prosperity, adversity; if life, death.
No one is free who has not obtained the empire of himself. No man is free who cannot command himself.
There is geometry in the humming of the strings. There is music in the spacing of the spheres.
Do not say a little in many words, but a great deal in few!
Educate the children and it won't be necessary to punish the men.
Rest satisfied with doing well, and leave others to talk of you as they please.
In anger we should refrain both from speech and action.
The oldest, shortest words — yes and no — are those which require the most thought.
A man is never as big as when he is on his knees to help a child.
As long as men massacre animals, they will kill each other. Indeed, he who sows the seeds of murder and pain cannot reap the joy of love.
Silence is better than unmeaning words.
Above all things, respect yourself.
Let no one persuade you by word or deed to do or say whatever is not best for you.
No man is free who cannot control himself.
It is only necessary to make war with five things; with the maladies of the body, the ignorances of the mind, with the passions of the body, with the seditions of the city and the discords of families.
Choose rather to be strong of soul than strong of body.
Reason is immortal, all else mortal.
Salt is born of the purest parents: the sun and the sea.
Number rules the universe.
We ought so to behave to one another as to avoid making enemies of our friends, and at the same time to make friends of our enemies.
Anger begins in folly, and ends in repentance.
Choose always the way that seems the best, however rough it may be; custom will soon render it easy and agreeable.
As soon as laws are necessary for men, they are no longer fit for freedom.